update: fix some wording and hierarchy (#5845)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-plugins/_index.md

> and contribute example plugins.
> You can reference plugins from the repository directly within a trigger configuration.

### Triggers

A _trigger_ is an InfluxDB 3 resource you create to associate a database
event (for example, a WAL flush) with the plugin that should run.
When an event occurs, the trigger passes configuration details, optional arguments, and event data to the plugin.

The Processing Engine provides four types of triggers—each type corresponds to an event type with event-specific configuration to let you handle events with targeted logic.

- **WAL Flush**: Triggered when the write-ahead log (WAL) is flushed to the object store (default is every second).
- **Scheduled Tasks**: Triggered on a schedule you specify using cron syntax.
- **On Request**: Triggered on a GET or POST request to the bound HTTP API endpoint at `/api/v3/engine/<CUSTOM_PATH>`.

> - **Parquet Persistence (coming soon)**: Triggered when InfluxDB 3 persists data to object storage Parquet files.

Author: @jstirnaman We have this right now, but doesn't this violate the "document as is, not as it should be" guideline? Moved to the bottom of the list regardless.

Reviewer: > doesn't this violate the "document as is, not as it should be" guideline?
Yes, we typically don't forecast features. When you say "We have Parquet Persistence", you just mean in the existing doc, not in the db?

> - **Parquet Persistence (coming soon)**: Triggered when InfluxDB 3 persists data to object storage Parquet files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
- **Parquet Persistence (coming soon)**: Triggered when InfluxDB 3 persists data to object storage Parquet files.
-->
```

  --database mydb system-metrics
```

> ### On Request Trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### On Request trigger
```

> On Request plugins are triggered by a request to a specific endpoint under `/api/v3/engine`. The plugin will receive the local API, query parameters `Dict[str, str]`, request headers `Dict[str, str]`, request body (as bytes), and any arguments passed in the trigger definition. Here's an example of a simple On Request plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On Request** plugins are triggered by a request to a specific endpoint under `/api/v3/engine`. The plugin will receive the local API, query parameters `Dict[str, str]`, request headers `Dict[str, str]`, request body (as bytes), and any arguments passed in the trigger definition. Here's an example of a simple On Request plugin:
```

> On Request plugins are triggered by a request to a specific endpoint under `/api/v3/engine`. The plugin will receive the local API, query parameters `Dict[str, str]`, request headers `Dict[str, str]`, request body (as bytes), and any arguments passed in the trigger definition. Here's an example of a simple On Request plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Request plugins are triggered by a request to a specific endpoint under `/api/v3/engine`. The plugin receives the shared API, query parameters `Dict[str, str]`, request headers `Dict[str, str]`, the request body (as bytes), and any arguments passed in the trigger definition.

#### Example: simple On Request plugin

```

    return 200, {"Content-Type": "application/json"}, json.dumps({"status": "ok", "line": line_str})
```

> #### On-request trigger configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### On Request trigger configuration
```

> On-request plugins are set with a `trigger-spec` of `request:<endpoint>`. The `args` parameter can be used to pass configuration to the plugin. For example, if we wanted the above plugin to run on the endpoint `/api/v3/engine/my_plugin`, we would use `request:my_plugin` as the `trigger-spec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On Request** plugins are defined using the `request:<endpoint>` trigger-spec.

For example, the following command creates an `/api/v3/engine/my_plugin` endpoint that runs a `<plugin-directory>/examples/my-on-request.py` plugin:

```bash
influxdb3 create trigger \
  --trigger-spec "request:my_plugin" \
  --plugin-filename "examples/my-on-request.py" \
  --database mydb my-plugin
```

To pass configuration arguments to the plugin, specify key-value pairs in `args.

```

> Trigger specs must be unique across all configured plugins, regardless of which database they are tied to, given the path is the same. Here's an example to create a request trigger tied to the "hello-world' path using a plugin in the plugin-dir:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because all On Request plugins share the same root URL, trigger specs must be unique across all plugins configured for a server, regardless of which database they are associated with.
```
